Corrections and addition of new catch (#7)
minuscorp/swift-typed-throws: SE-XXX Typed throws.md

`// TODO: I think we should put that to the detailed solution part now`

> ### `catch` clasuses become verbose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Reducing `catch` clause verbosity
```

`// TODO: This is the \catch\ proposal, to be determined whether it should be includded in the final draft or not`

> From the side of the `catch` clause there are becoming verbose due to the fact of being the place where `error` is being casted from its primitive `Error` to a more specific `error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we now need to explicitly catch specific errors in `catch` clauses a lot, a shorter form is being suggested.
```

> Having to write `catch let error as FooError` seems a bit inconsistent with the rest of how `catch` works, as `error` is inferred to be a constant of type `Error`. The following example makes it pretty clear.

Reviewer: Having to write `catch let error as FooError` seems a bit inconsistent with the rest of how `catch` works, as `error` is inferred to be a constant of type `Error` in the general `catch` clause.

```swift
do { ... }
// Here we have to explicitly declare `error` as a constant.
catch let error as FooError { ... }
// Whereas here you have `error` for free.
catch { ... }
```

> This unbalanced behaviour comming from the same reserved word can induce confusion when writing down different specific and general catch clauses, having to declare error by themselves in one case and not in the other.

Reviewer: This inconsistency can induce confusion when writing down different specific and general catch clauses, having to declare error by themselves in one case and omitting it in the other.

For this reason, we propose to simplify specific `catch` clauses to avoid the learning curve from a `catch`-all paradigm to a more enxhaustive one.

> The grammar is composed by the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples for demonstration:
```

```swift
catch ErrorType { /* error is ErrorType */ }
```

> This comes handy with `class` and `struct` error types, but shines its best with `enum` types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This comes in handy with `class` and `struct` error types, but most of all with `enum` types.
```

```swift
enum SomeErrors: Error { case foo, bar, baz }

func theErrorMaker() throws SomeErrors

do { try theErrorMaker() }
catch .foo { ... }
catch .bar { ... }
catch .baz { ... }
```

This behaviour and syntax in general resembles a lot with how `switch` cases work because:

1. The type can be ignored, as it is inferred.
2. They must be exhaustive.

In scenarios where different types are involved, each one has the same treatment from the grammar side:

```swift

do {
    try throwsClass() // throws MyClass
    try throwsStruct() // throws MyStruct
    try throwsEnum() // throws MyEnum { case one, two }
} 
catch MyClass { ... }
catch MyStruct { ... }
catch .one { ... }
catch .two { ... } 
```

> And where multiple enums are being caught, it would be ony needed to specify the type of those cases that were repeated in every enum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And where multiple enums are being caught, it would be only needed to specify the type of those cases that were repeated in every enum.
```

```swift

> enum One { case one, two, three }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enum One: Error { case one, two, three }
```

> enum Two { case two, three, four }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enum Two: Error { case two, three, four }

```

do { ... }
catch .one { ... }
catch One.two { ... } // Disambiguate the type.
catch One.three { ... }
catch Two.two { ... }
catch Two.three { ... }
catch .four { ... }
```

> This kind of scenarios are untypical but possible, also there's always room to `catch One` and handle each case in a switch statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These scenarios are uncommon but possible, also there's always room to `catch One` and handle each case in a switch statement.

```

> As a side note, this change in the expression in merely additive and has no impact on the current source.

Reviewer: This change in the expression is merely additive and has no impact on the current source.

> 

Reviewer: The grammar would need to be adjusted likely at the [`catch-pattern`](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/ReferenceManual/Statements.html#grammar_catch-pattern) by introducing something like: `catch-pattern → error-type`

`// TODO: I think we should put that to the detailed solution part now`

### Reducing `catch` clause verbosity

`// TODO: This is the \catch\ proposal, to be determined whether it should be includded in the final draft or not`

Because we now need to explicitly catch specific errors in `catch` clauses a lot, a shorter form is being suggested.

> Having to write catch let error as FooError seems a bit inconsistent with the rest of how catch works, as error is inferred to be a constant of type Error in the general catch clause without mentioning let error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having to write `catch let error as FooError` seems a bit inconsistent with the rest of how `catch` works, as `error` is inferred to be a constant of type `Error` in the general `catch` clause without mentioning `let error`.

```

`// TODO: I think we should put that to the detailed solution part now`

### Reducing `catch` clause verbosity

`// TODO: This is the \catch\ proposal, to be determined whether it should be includded in the final draft or not`

Because we now need to explicitly catch specific errors in `catch` clauses a lot, a shorter form is being suggested.
Having to write `catch let error as FooError` seems a bit inconsistent with the rest of how `catch` works, as `error` is inferred to be a constant of type `Error` in the general `catch` clause without mentioning `let error`.

```swift
do { ... }
// Here we have to explicitly declare `error` as a constant.
catch let error as FooError { ... }
// Whereas here you have `error` for free.
catch { ... }
```

This inconsistency can induce confusion when writing down different specific and general catch clauses, having to declare `error` on your own in one case and omitting it in the other.

> For this reason, we propose to simplify specific `catch` clauses to avoid the learning curve from a `catch`-all paradigm to a more enxhaustive one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would delete that, because the example emphasizes our point already.

> We define the proposed semantics as an additive change from the [current pattern](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/ReferenceManual/Statements.html#grammar_catch-pattern) in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define the proposed semantics as an additive change to the [catch-pattern](https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/ReferenceManual/Statements.html#grammar_catch-pattern) in the following way:

```

```

> catch -> type-identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
catch-pattern -> type-identifier
```

### `rethrow` (generic errors in map, filter, etc)`

> While affecting to the `throws` keyword, there should be to have in consideration the `rethrows` clause when a type is present in the method signature, altough there is no impact over `rethrows`, as it propagates the throwing type from its inner block: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While affecting to the `throws` keyword, we need to consider `rethrows` too when a type is present in the inner functions signature. Altough there is no impact over `rethrows`, as it propagates the throwing type from its inner block: 

```

Reviewer: > Altough there is no impact over `rethrows`

That's not true seeing the discussion about `takesTwo`

```swift
func foo<T>(_ block: () throws T -> Void) rethrows
```

> In the example above there's no need to constraint `T: Error`, as other any kind of object that does not implement `Error` will throw a compilation error, but it is handy to match the inner `Error` with the outer one. So all the family of functions in the Standard Library (`map`, `flatMap`, `compactMap`, etc.) that now receive a `rethrows`, can be added with their error typed variants just modifying the signature, as for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above there's no need to constraint `T: Error`, as any other kind of object that does not conform to `Error` will throw a compilation error, but it is handy to match the inner `Error` with the outer one. So set of functions in the Standard Library (`map`, `flatMap`, `compactMap`, etc.) that support `rethrows`, can be advanced to their error typed versions just modifying the signature, as for example:

```
